Updating the MAM subcategory exposure info (#1491)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/concept_models/vivarium_nutrition_optimization/kids/concept_model.rst

50 children, leading to lack of confidence in results. The analysis of this 
was in `this PR <https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_research_nutrition_optimization/pull/134>`_. 

Similarly, MAM subcategory exposure, the percent of children in "worse" MAM 
and "better" MAM, will be national only. We analyzed the rate of change 
between regions in worse MAM fraction and found that it was generally 

> consistent between regions, while pooling for age and sex. 

Reviewer: Is this pooling among all children under 5 or did we end up excluding the neonates and/or 1-5 month olds?

Author: We removed the neonatal age group, but not 1-5 month olds. I'll update the language to include that.

> There were two regions where this was not true - Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and 
> Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan. However, these regions had many 
> NaNs in processed data. This is a result of too few data points with MAM children to 
> get results from the function. Since both regions made up a small percent of their national 
> children under 5 (about 1% in each country), we decided this was likely data noise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There were two regions where this was not true - Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and 
Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan. These regions had lower calculated exposure fractions 
for worse MAM as the population WHZ distributions for these locations as modeled
had very low density below z-scores of -2.5 (note that the 
:code:`risk_distributions.EnsembleDistribution` functions used for modeling these curves 
do not return values below the 0.1st percentile). Since both regions made up a small 
percent of their national children under 5 (about 1% in each country), we decided 
the variation could be noise and, either way, that not including subnational variation 
in this parameter was an acceptable limitation. 
```

So even if the EnsembleDistribution function returned non-missing values below 0.001, the values would still be less than 0.001 and not make much of a difference in the overall worse frac calculated value -- basically I don't think the NaNs caused the low worse frac values, but were just a byproduct of the higher WHZ mean values that caused low density in the worse frac exposure region (and then the NaNs will cause rounding errors) - I tried to highlight that while still acknowledging the limitations of the function. I also tried to convey that even if the outliers were not noise that we still think it's an acceptable limitation not to model it.
